Remove ar_debug requirement for cookie-based debug reporting (#1441)
WICG/attribution-reporting-api: EVENT.md

or caller code), and more easily compare the performance to cookie-based
alternatives.

> The debugging information will only be available while third-party cookies are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The debugging information will only be available if third-party cookies are
```

> available for current site, and will be ignored if

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
available for the current site, and will be ignored if
```

> available and are already capable of user tracking, and will be ignored if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
available for current site, and will be ignored if
```

> The debugging information will only be available if third-party cookies are
> available for the current site, and will be ignored if
> third-party cookies are disabled generally or for a particular site.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Debugging will only be enabled if third-party cookies are
available for the current site, and will be disabled if
third-party cookies are disabled generally or for a particular site.
```

> third-party cookies are disabled/deprecated generally or for a particular site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
third-party cookies are disabled generally or for a particular site.
```

https://<reporting origin>/.well-known/attribution-reporting/debug/verbose
```

In order to receive verbose debug reports on trigger registrations, the
reporting origin needs to be able to access third-party cookies on the
destination site. If the trigger is attributed to a source, the reporting

> origin also needs to be able to access third-party cookies on the source site

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
origin also needed to be able to access third-party cookies on the source site
```
